Can you persuade me?
Let him go home early
Chen Hanchuan, take a good look and see who I am
Song Yahui
It's you, Han Chuan
I promised you to play Xu Zhichun's double
You give me a month 500,000
What was the other condition? Do you remember?
Don't fall in love with Xu Zhiyi
Then why do you want me to persuade Xu Zhiyi to go home?
You clearly know that Xu Zhiyi is dead
go out
Pardon me?
Get out
OK
Chen Hanchuan, you are a coward
What you like has always been Xu Zhiyi
What excuse do you use Xu Zhicheng to find?
Sorry Mr. Chen
The old man said you killed your wife
I never want to see you again
I have returned to the house in the new city
Grandpa clearly knew that Xu Zhiyi liked to mess around
How can you still believe him?
Forget it, I'll see grandpa another day.
Mr. Cheng, someone in Xingcheng said they had seen his wife